That's him!
Lord Dragon King
Sir, who are you wearing this for inspection?
Just to show you
Chen Hao is reckless
But the man invited three-star generals to make trouble
It is a great disgrace to the prestige of the Hero Club
The subordinate requests justice with the chief
Subordinate suggestion divided by lowering bamboo and burning gold
Skin cramp execution
Do you hear me?
Fragrant tree burning gold
Skin cramp
Just look for it
Send someone
Didn't you call the killing very bad?
The leader has come to stand up and kill you
Are you stubborn when you die?
I'd like to see if your mouth is hard or your bones are hard
Arrest them.
Ah what are you doing
Let go of me!
It's a shame that you should clean up and let the dog smash it.
Did the chief make a mistake?
Yes, they are also the leaders of the Heaven and Earth Association
That's right, the old man is here to clean up the door